.\" Process this file with
.\" groff -man -Tascii foo.1
.\" 
.TH "ARAS.CONF" "5" "03 May 2015" "" ""
.SH "NAME"
aras.conf \- Configuration file for ARAS \- A Radio Automation System.
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
.I aras.conf
is the configuration file for ARAS. These are the file configuration tags:
.SH "OPTIONS"
.TP 
The ARAS configuration file contains comments and some commands, one of them in each line:

.TP 
Lines with a # character at the beginning are comments.

.TP 
\fBScheduleFile\fR my_schedule_file_path
Defines the current schedule file. Quotation marks should be used if my_schedule_file_path contains whitespaces.

.TP 
\fBBlockFile\fR my_block_file_path
Defines the current block description file. Quotation marks should be used if my_block_file_path contains whitespaces.

.TP 
\fBLogFile\fR my_log_file_path
Defines the current log file. Quotation marks should be used if my_log_file_path contains whitespaces.

.TP 
\fBTimeSignal\fR time_signal_support
Defines the time signal support behaviour. \fItime_signal_support\fR parameter can take some values:

.br 
\fBOff\fR in order to disable time signal support.
.br 
\fBHour\fR in order to define hourly time signal support.
.br 
\fBHalf\fR in order to define hourly and half past time signal support.

.TP 
\fBTimeSignalFile\fR my_time_signal_file_uri
Defines the time signal audio URI, for example:

TimeSignalFile file:///home/radio/ARAS\-3.0/media/time_signal.wav

Quotation marks should be used if my_time_signal_file_uri contains whitespaces.

.TP 
\fBIntervalSignal\fR interval_signal_support
Defines the interval signal support behaviour. \fIinterval_signal_support\fR parameter can take some values:

.br 
\fBOff\fR in order to disable interval signal support.
.br 
\fBOn\fR in order to enable the interval signal support.

If interval_signal_support is On, the interval signal is played when a file block finishes before the beginning of the next block.

.TP 
\fBIntervalSignalBlock\fR my_interval_signal_block
Defines the interval signal block, for example:

IntervalSignalBlock IntervalSignalBlock

.TP 
\fBBlockPlayerVolume\fR volume
Defines the block player volume from 0 to 10, for example:

BlockPlayerVolume 5E\-1

.TP 
\fBTimeSignalPlayerVolume\fR volume
Defines the time signal player volume from 0 to 10, for example:

TimeSignalPlayerVolume 5E\-1

.TP 
\fBFadeOutSlope\fR value
Defines the fade out slope, for example:

FadeOutSlope 1E\-1

.TP 
\fBFadeOutTime\fR value
Defines the fade out time in miliseconds, for example:

FadeOutTime 4000

.TP 
\fBFadeOutResolution\fR value
Defines the fade out time resolution in miliseconds, for example:

FadeOutResolution 100

.TP 
\fBDefaultTimeout\fR value
Defines ARAS default period in miliseconds, for example:

DefaultTimeout 100

.TP 
\fBTimeSignalTimeout\fR value
Defines the time signal support period in miliseconds, for example:

TimeSignalTimeout 100

.TP 
\fBConfigurationTimeout\fR value
Defines the configuration file update timeout period in miliseconds, for example:

ConfigurationTimeout 1000

.TP
\fBScheduleSupport\fR schedule_support
Defines the behaviour of the scheduler. \fIschedule_support\fR parameter can take some values:

.br
\fBHard\fR in order to set an inflexible scheduler.
.br
\fBSoft\fR in order to set a flexible scheduler.

.TP
\fBBlockPlayerOutput\fR block_player_output
Defines the GStreamer sink for the block player, \fIblock_player_output\fR parameter can take at least these values:

.br
\fBautoaudiosink\fR
.br
\fBpulsesink\fR
.br
\fBalsasink\fR
.br
\fBosssink\fR
.br
\fBoss4sink\fR
.br
\fBjackaudiosink\fR
.br
\fBfilesink\fR

If \fIblock_player_output\fR is \fIjackaudiosink\fR, the audio output is disconnected by default at the beginning of each loaded file. You should manage JACK connections externally.

In the same way, if \fIblock_player_output\fR is \fIfilesink\fR, the audio output may be disconnected by default at the beginning of each loaded file. You may manage pipelines externally.

.TP
\fBBlockPlayerDevice\fR block_player_device
Defines the block player device depending on the \fIblock_player_output\fR value and the system configuration.

If \fIblock_player_output\fR is \fIjackaudiosink\fR, it defines the JACK server, for example:

BlockPlayerDevice default

If \fIblock_player_output\fR is \fIfilesink\fR, it defines the output file, for example:

BlockPlayerDevice "/dev/stdout"

This allows to deliver an audio stream to other application, for example:

aras-daemon aras.conf | aplay -c 2 -f S16_LE  -r 48000

Obviously, it is possible to use named pipes:

BlockPlayerDevice "my_pipe"

This allows to deliver an audio stream to other application, for example:

aras-daemon aras.conf &
tail -f -n +1 my_pipe | aplay -c 2 -f S16_LE  -r 48000

.TP
\fBTimeSignalPlayerOutput\fR time_signal_player_output
Defines the GStreamer sink for the time signal player, \fItime_signal_player_output\fR parameter can take at least these values:

.br
\fBautoaudiosink\fR
.br
\fBpulsesink\fR
.br
\fBalsasink\fR
.br
\fBosssink\fR
.br
\fBoss4sink\fR
.br
\fBjackaudiosink\fR
.br
\fBfilesink\fR

If \fItime_signal_player_output\fR is \fIjackaudiosink\fR, the audio output is disconnected by default at the beginning of each loaded file. You should manage JACK connections externally.

In the same way, if \fItime_signal_player_output\fR is \fIfilesink\fR, the audio output may be disconnected by default at the beginning of each loaded file. You should manage pipelines externally.

.TP
\fBTimeSignalPlayerDevice\fR time_signal_player_device
Defines the time signal player device depending on the \fItime_signal_player_output\fR value and the system configuration. If \fItime_signal_player_output\fR is \fIjackaudiosink\fR, it defines the JACK server, for example:

TimeSignalPlayerDevice default

If \fItime_signal_player_output\fR is \fIfilesink\fR, it defines the output file, for example:

TimeSignalPlayerDevice "/dev/stdout"

This allows to deliver an audio stream to other application, for example:

aras-daemon aras.conf | aplay -c 2 -f S16_LE  -r 48000

Obviously, it is possible to use named pipes:

TimeSignalPlayerDevice "my_pipe"

This allows to deliver an audio stream to other application, for example:

aras-daemon aras.conf &
tail -f -n +1 my_pipe | aplay -c 2 -f S16_LE  -r 48000

.TP
\fBRecorderInput\fR recorder_input
Defines the GStreamer source for the recorder, \fIrecorder_input\fR parameter can take at least these values:

.br
\fBautoaudiosrc\fR
.br
\fBpulsesrc\fR
.br
\fBalsasrc\fR
.br
\fBosssrc\fR
.br
\fBoss4src\fR
.br
\fBjackaudiosrc\fR

If \fIrecorder_input\fR is \fIjackaudiosrc\fR, the audio input is disconnected by default at the beginning of the recording. You should manage JACK connections externally.

.TP
\fBRecorderDevice\fR recorder_device
Defines the recorder device depending on the \fIrecorder_input\fR value and the system configuration. If \fIrecorder_input\fR is \fIjackaudiosink\fR, it defines the JACK server, for example:

RecorderDevice default

.TP
\fBRecorderQuality\fR recorder_quality
Defines the recorded audio quality in the range from -0.1 to 1, for example:

RecorderQuality 0.5

.TP
\fBRecorderStorage\fR recorder_storage_support
Defines the recorder storage support behaviour. \fIrecorder_storage_support\fR parameter can take some values:

.br
\fBOff\fR in order to disable the recorder storage support.
.br
\fBOn\fR in order to enable the recorder storage support.

.SH "AUTHOR"
.nf 
ARAS software and documentation written by Erasmo Alonso Iglesias <erasmo1982@users.sourceforge.net>
Man page edited by Martin Zelaia <martintxo@sindominio.net>
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR aras.schedule (5),
.BR aras.block (5),
.BR aras.log (5),
.BR aras\-player (1),
.BR aras\-daemon (1),
.BR aras\-recorder (1)

http://aras.sourceforge.net/
