.\" Process this file with
.\" groff -man -Tascii foo.1
.\" 
.TH "ARAS.BLOCK" "5" "03 May 2015" "" ""
.SH "NAME"
aras.block \- Blocks description file for ARAS \- A Radio Automation System.
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
.I aras.block
The ARAS block description file contains the blocks descriptions for ARAS.
.SH "OPTIONS"
.TP 
The ARAS block file contains comments and some block definition elements, one of them in each line:

.TP 
Lines with a # character at the beginning are comments.

.TP 
A block element is defined in a line as follows:

Name    Type    Data

.TP 
Where:

.TP 
\fBName\fR is the name of the block, as defined in the aras.schedule file.

.TP 
\fBType\fR is the block type, it can be: File, Playlist, Random, Randomfile or Interleave.

If the block type is \fIFile\fR, ARAS will play the file whose URI is defined in Data.

If the block type is \fIPlaylist\fR, ARAS will play the m3u playlist file defined in Data.

If the block type is \fIRandom\fR, ARAS will play random files from the directory defined in Data.

If the block type is \fIRandomfile\fR, ARAS will play a random file from the directory defined in Data.

If the block type is \fIInterleave\fR, ARAS will play interleaved files from the blocks defined in Data according to the numeric parameters defined in Data.

.TP 
\fBData\fR is the block data. It can contain a file URI (both local 
(file://) or from internet (http://)), a m3u 
playlist path, a directory path, or the interleaving options, depending on the type of block. Quotation marks should be used if block data contains spaces.

.TP 
Examples of a block definition are:

my_block  File  file:///home/radio/archive/my_program.ogg

my_block  Playlist  /home/radio/archive/my_playlist.m3u

my_block  Random  /home/radio/archive/

my_block  Randomfile  /home/radio/archive/

my_block  Interleave  "block_1 block_2 4 1"

.SH "AUTHOR"
.nf 
ARAS software and documentation written by Erasmo Alonso Iglesias <erasmo1982@users.sourceforge.net>
Man page edited by Martin Zelaia <martintxo@sindominio.net>
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR aras.conf (5),
.BR aras.schedule (5),
.BR aras.log (5),
.BR aras\-player (1),
.BR aras\-daemon (1),
.BR aras\-recorder (1)

http://aras.sourceforge.net/
