.\" Process this file with
.\" groff -man -Tascii foo.1
.\" 
.TH "ARAS.LOG" "5" "03 May 2015" "" ""
.SH "NAME"
aras.log \- Log file for ARAS \- A Radio Automation System.
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
.I aras.log
The ARAS log file is generated automatically and contains the ARAS work log.
.SH "OPTIONS"
.TP 
A ARAS log entry is defined in a line as follows:

Date Time Status Data

.TP 
Where:

.TP 
\fBDate\fR is the calendar date when the entry has been written, it is represented in extended format according to ISO 8601 standard.

.TP 
\fBTime\fR is the time of the day when the entry has been written, it is represented in extended format according to ISO 8601 standard.

.TP 
\fBStatus\fR is the status at the moment of writing the log entry. Status can take some values:

\fILoading block:\fR when ARAS is loading a new block.

\fILoading interval signal block:\fR when ARAS is loading the interval signal block.

\fIPlaying:\fR when ARAS plays a file in any block.

.TP 
\fBData\fR is the block name, the interval signal block name or a file name, according to the Status value.

.TP 
An example of a log entry is:

2009\-04\-09   13:33:05   Playing:   http://64.71.184.99:8010
.SH "AUTHOR"
.nf 
ARAS software and documentation written by Erasmo Alonso Iglesias <erasmo1982@users.sourceforge.net>
Man page edited by Martin Zelaia <martintxo@sindominio.net>
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR aras.conf (5),
.BR aras.schedule (5),
.BR aras.block (5),
.BR aras\-player (1),
.BR aras\-daemon (1),
.BR aras\-recorder (1)

http://aras.sourceforge.net/
